Cell Systems checklist (#135)
greenelab/iscb-diversity-manuscript: content/30.methods.md

## STAR Methods
### Key resources table
| **REAGENT or RESOURCE**          | **SOURCE**                                           | **IDENTIFIER**                                         |
| -------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------ |
| _Software and algorithms_        |

> | Data and code Zenodo deposit     | This paper                                           | http://dx.doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.5014756               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Data and code Zenodo deposit     | This paper                                           | https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.5014756               |
```

preferred doi URL format

| Source code on GitHub            | This paper                                           | https://github.com/greenelab/iscb-diversity            |
| Browsable Python and R notebooks | This paper                                           | https://greenelab.github.io/iscb-diversity/            |
| PubmedPy                         | This paper                                           | https://github.com/dhimmel/pubmedpy                    |

> | Manubot                          | Himmelstein et al., 2019                             | http://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pcbi.1007128         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Manubot                          | Himmelstein et al., 2019                             | https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pcbi.1007128         |
```
